Added example approval case (#581)
appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus: docs/publish-integrations/common-publish-integrations/get-approval-via-email.md

:::

:::tip Get Approval via Email

> Get Approval via Email step can be used for different purposes. Since this step takes 2 different parameters, one Required and one Optional, the usage varies. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Get Approval via Email step can be used for different purposes. Since this step takes two different parameters, one Required and one Optional, the usage varies. 
```

> For example; Imagine that you need to get approval from at least 2 people to keep the flow going in your company or team. Along with this, let's think that 2 people can do this operation as a backup to the necessary people. We have 4 people, 2 necessary 2 optional. If you enter 3 in the minimum approval count, one of the optional ones must approve with 2 necessary people. After the required people approve, it will be enough for one of the optional people to approve. Publish flow will continue as the majority is provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, imagine you need approval from at least two people to keep the flow going in your company or team. Additionally, let's assume that two more people can act as backups for the necessary approvers. We have four people in total: two necessary and two optional. If you set the minimum approval count to three, one of the optional approvers must approve alongside the two necessary approvers. Once the necessary approvers have given their approval, it will be sufficient for one of the optional approvers to approve. The publish flow will continue as the majority is provided.
```
